# LI-DOS
LI-DOS is a Linux distribution developed by Sahne Dünya that provides the MS-DOS experience. This Linux distribution is to bring computers using MS-DOS etc. operating systems to the Linux World. You can experience similar experiences to MS-DOS with this operating system, the reason for this is that it is a CLI interface operating system, not a GUI. The other reason is that it uses the FAT12/16 file system instead of the Minix file system. However, I must say that this is not a complete Linux distribution because it uses a Linux-like Kernel written from scratch instead of a customized version of the Linux kernel. The reason for this is easy development because it is extremely difficult to shrink a huge file! There are some differences because this operating system uses its own kernel. For example, this operating system is 16 bit, Normally, the Linux world has never offered 16 bit support, it has been 32 bit since the first version. This operating system supports a total of 5 processors, these are Intel 8086, Intel 8088, Intel, Intel 80286, Intel 80386 and 80486 processors, Linux World does not support some of these processors. This operating system supports very simple drivers, most of the supported hardware was supported in Linux 0.0.1. There is no concept of boatloader, instead it is started with a much simpler process! This operating system uses C programming language, instead of Standard C Library Lİ-DOS uses its own C library and there is an adaptation of this C library, but instead of C23 standard it uses C89 standard. In order to develop this operating system as open source, it is important that you are familiar with operating systems such as MS-DOS!
